---
title: Política de privacidad del sitio web
lang: es
---


# Política de privacidad

**Estado: 21 de enero de 2020**

At Delta.Chat, we make sure that not only our messenger but also the Delta.Chat
website is in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation
(2016/679). Therefore, we minimise the processing of your data to the minimum
necessary (Privacy by Design).

## Información general

El sitio web Delta.chat no utiliza cookies propias o de terceros, servicios de análisis de sitios web, servicios de publicidad y marketing de terceros o el uso de complementos de redes sociales. El procesamiento de datos se limita al contacto voluntario por correo electrónico.

## Persona responsable

The person responsible for the data processing of this site in terms of the
DSGVO and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as
other data protection regulations is

	Merlinux GmbH
	Reichgrafen Str. 20 
	79102 Freiburg

Your contact address for privacy issues at Delta.Chat:

	delta-privacy@merlinux.eu

## Listas de correo de Delta Chat

When voluntarily subscribing to the Delta mailing lists, your email address
from the input mask, the IP address of the calling computer, date and time of
registration are transmitted. The processing of this data is solely for the
purpose of processing the contacts and the delivery of the public community
communication. As usual with open source projects, the shared messages can also
be found in public archives. The legal basis for processing with consent is
Art. 6 I lit. a GDPR. The user's e-mail address is only stored as long as the
subscription to the e-mail list is active. By unsubscribing from any mailing
list, a revocation of consent is possible.

## Derechos de las personas afectadas

You can request information from Delta.Chat about whether and how your data is
processed by us. You have the right to object to the processing, which takes
place on the basis of art. 6 I lit.e or lit.f GDPR. If the processing is
incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to rectification/completion,
cancellation and, if necessary, restriction of the processing. You can revoke
the declaration of consent of the mailing list at any time. You have the right
to receive the data in a structured common and machine-readable format and the
right to complain to a supervisory authority.

## Modificación de la política de privacidad

We reserve the right to update the present data protection regulations in view
of the constantly changing legal and technical situation.

